hi foodies welcome to cooking cooking
today I am going to show you how to make
some garlic naan in tava without undue
and without oven so let us start making
these
here I have some warm water to which I'm
to add in sugar a tablespoon of sugar
and about half a tablespoon of yeast let
me mix this all really well now I'm the
wait for the east to prove up here I
have 2 cups of flour to which I am going
to add in the salt to taste and the
proved yeast mixture time to get hands
in and form this into a door
if needed add more water this seems good
and to take this out to the platform let
me I dental bit of oil so now it's time
to knead this for about five minutes
so after kneading this dough for about
five minutes this looks already this is
soft and totally perfect so now I am to
keep this in a greased Bowl so a little
bit of oil in this bowl and the dough
goes in so now I'm going to cover this
nm to prove this for about an hour or so
so our dough has risen so now I am to
take a little bit of the flour and I'm
to punch it down and now I am to shape
this into smaller portions
so a little dusting of slaw here it's a
lot
so for the garlic topping or the main
flavor which is garlic um to take about
a third of a cup of garlic this is half
chopped in half grated for the texture
you can also take minced garlic and make
sure to use fresh garlic I'm going to
add in a little bit of coriander about 2
to 3 tablespoons now that's it going to
mix this really well you can add a
little bit of butter as well you can add
any other herb as well if you wish to so
basically our topping is already so now
I am to heat up our identify in high
flame so let's make the Nance now so I'm
going to take a small dumpling of this
dough sprinkle a little flour if
necessary and I'm to roll this
- this now comes in our garlic topping
so now I am - just give it a light roll
so that the garlic sticks to the dough
and to flip this around and I'm going to
wet the other surface I'm in the down
side of this M to wet this really well
with some water so now this comes to our
tawa - the hot tawa comes to none press
it once so I'm going to hire the flame
even more and I'm going to flip this
around and cook this from the other side
so nine looks already a little coat of
butter on top and I'm going to take this
out
you
so garlic Nan's are already in the tower
and they are looking super awesome and
circumcised
these are great as they are but you're
going to enjoy them with anything you
wish for and I'm sure you will always
make them at home from now so make sure
wizard cooking chicken dot in for the
detail Texas P and yes I have also
shared how to make non without yeast so
you can watch that video as well thank
you for watching do subscribe is free
bye